Feature/forms (#254)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/php/filters/block/form/success-redirect-variation-options.md

---
id: success-redirect-variation-options
title: Success redirect variation options
---

> While you can create variations list form the forms global setting with this filter you can provide additional variations what are fixed and can't be changed by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can create variations list from the forms global setting, by using this filter you can provide additional variations which are fixed and can't be changed by the user.
```
Not sure if I got the context right, please check
